feat(pr-template): initial work on template (#149)
thegooddocsproject/templates: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> > __ALL Pull-Requests require an associated [Issue](https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/templates/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) as documented in our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/templates/blob/master/contribute.md#contributing).__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> __ALL Pull-Requests require an associated [Issue](https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/templates/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) as documented in [How to contribute](https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/templates/blob/master/contribute.md#contributing).__
```

This is to make the text here line up with the title of the linked file

> ## Purpose / Why

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Purpose / why
```

> > _**Replace This Text** - Restate the purpose/jusitifcation of this work and include links to the Issue inside of the purpose/why._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _**Replace this text** - Restate the purpose/justification of this work and include links to the Issue inside of the purpose/why._
```

> ## What Changes Were Made?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What changes were made?
```

> > _**Replace This Text** - State clearly the direct additions or modifications made in this change-request._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _**Replace this text** - State clearly the direct additions or modifications made in this change-request._
```

## Verification

> > _**Replace This Text** - Document the details that help a reviewer understand what steps or actions should be taken in-order to verify the work is completed and satisfies the initial scope of work._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _**Replace this text** - Document the details that help a reviewer understand what steps or actions should be taken in-order to verify the work is completed and satisfies the initial scope of work._
```

---

## Checklist

> > __Pull-Request Reviewer__ should ensure the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> __Pull-request reviewer__ should ensure the following
```

* [ ] Are issues linked correctly?
* [ ] Is this PR labeled correctly?

> * [ ] If, template updates do they align with [developers.google.com/style/](https://developers.google.com/style/)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] If template updates: do they align with [developers.google.com/style/](https://developers.google.com/style/)?
```

* [ ] Did the PR receive at least one :+1: and no :-1: from core-maintainers?

> * [ ] On Merging PR, did you complete the merge using [keywords](https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#manually-linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] On merging, did you complete the merge using [keywords](https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#manually-linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue)?
```

> __ALL Pull-Requests require an associated [Issue](https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/templates/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) as documented in our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/templates/blob/master/contribute.md#contributing).__

## Purpose / Why

> _**Replace This Text** - Restate the purpose/jusitifcation of this work and include links to the Issue inside of the purpose/why._

## What Changes Were Made?

> _**Replace This Text** - State clearly the direct additions or modifications made in this change-request._

## Verification

> _**Replace This Text** - Document the details that help a reviewer understand what steps or actions should be taken in-order to verify the work is completed and satisfies the initial scope of work._

---

> ## Type of Change

Author: Debating if __Type of Change__ should sit higher up in the Template, it is nice to know what exactly this change-type is before really digging into a PR.

Reviewer 2: I'd err toward suggesting we don't include Type of Change, at least not in our first iteration. I'm not sure how close these categories will align with future work we do. And I wonder how much value it adds, verses the confusion it introduces.

Reviewer: Seconding this. It seems to me that categorizing is what labels are for and then it's more of a triage task for reviewers. Might be better suited as a checklist item, below (e.g., "Is this PR labeled correctly?")

Author: We can hold off and I'll remove the section.  Labels will work for now.

> __Pull-Request Opener__ should select one of the following

* [ ] __Template Updates__ - _style_, _grammar_, _content_
* [ ] __Template Structuring__ - _moving template files and or folders_
* [ ] __Tooling & Support__ - _updates to the repository tooling_

---

## Checklist

> __Pull-Request Reviewer__ should ensure the following

* [ ] Are Issues Linked Correctly?

> * [ ] If, template updates do they align with [Google StyleGuide]()?

Author: Do we want to link to the StyleGuide?  If so which link?

Reviewer 2: Yes, great to link to the Style Guide. Link to https://developers.google.com/style/

> * [ ] Did the PR receive :+1: from core-maintainers?

Reviewer 2: Check to see what roles we define for our project. Right now, the only official role we have is a PSC member. (This will likely be extended soon.)

I think we need to quantify support from core maintainers:
[ ] Did the PR receive at least one :+1: and no :-1: from core-maintainers?

Author: Making your line suggestion, we can always update this for new roles.
